add conclusion docs (#247)
AICoE/elyra-aidevsecops-tutorial: docs/source/conclusion.md

# Congratulations, you have completed the Elyra AIDevSecOps tutorial!

In completing this tutorial, you have been guided through an end-to-end data science workflow aided by AICoE tools.

> You started with **[Meteor](http://meteor-shower-aicoe-meteor.apps.zero.massopen.cloud)** hosted by **[Operate First](https://operate-first.cloud)**. Next, you used **[JupyterHub](https://jupyter.org/hub)** to launch notebook images with Jupyter tooling and leveraged **[Project Thoth](https://thoth-station.ninja/)** bots to intelligently manage your dependencies. With your notebooks running, **[Elyra](https://github.com/elyra-ai/elyra)** JupyterLab extensions supported your AI projects with add-ons such as **[Kubeflow Pipelines](https://www.kubeflow.org/docs/pipelines/overview/pipelines-overview/)** for end to end experiments. Finally, you deploy and monitor your model using Flask.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You started with either **[ Project Meteor](http://meteor-shower-aicoe-meteor.apps.zero.massopen.cloud)** or **[Operate First](https://operate-first.cloud)** to deploy your own **[JupyterHub](https://jupyter.org/hub)** instance, launch notebook images with Jupyter tooling and leverage **[Project Thoth](https://thoth-station.ninja/)** bots to intelligently manage your dependencies. With your notebooks running, **[Elyra](https://github.com/elyra-ai/elyra)** JupyterLab extensions supported your AI projects with add-ons such as **[Kubeflow Pipelines](https://www.kubeflow.org/docs/pipelines/overview/pipelines-overview/)** for end-to-end experiments. Finally, you deployed and monitored your model using Flask.
```

> You started with **[Meteor](http://meteor-shower-aicoe-meteor.apps.zero.massopen.cloud)** hosted by **[Operate First](https://operate-first.cloud)**. Next, you used **[JupyterHub](https://jupyter.org/hub)** to launch notebook images with Jupyter tooling and leveraged **[Project Thoth](https://thoth-station.ninja/)** bots to intelligently manage your dependencies. With your notebooks running, **[Elyra](https://github.com/elyra-ai/elyra)** JupyterLab extensions supported your AI projects with add-ons such as **[Kubeflow Pipelines](https://www.kubeflow.org/docs/pipelines/overview/pipelines-overview/)** for end to end experiments. Finally, you deploy and monitor your model using Flask.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You started with **[Meteor](http://meteor-shower-aicoe-meteor.apps.zero.massopen.cloud)** hosted by **[Operate First](https://operate-first.cloud)**. Next, you used **[JupyterHub](https://jupyter.org/hub)** to launch notebook images with Jupyter tooling and leveraged **[Project Thoth](https://thoth-station.ninja/)** bots to intelligently manage your dependencies. With your notebooks running, **[Elyra](https://github.com/elyra-ai/elyra)** JupyterLab extensions supported your AI projects with add-ons such as **[Kubeflow Pipelines](https://www.kubeflow.org/docs/pipelines/overview/pipelines-overview/)** for end to end experiments. Finally, you deployed your model as a Flask application, and set up monitoring using Prometheus and Grafana.
```
